Auntie Carol? Mom, it's Auntie Carol!
MARIA: You don't remember anything?
I kept all your stuff.
This is you when you were little.
You didn't get along with your parents,
so Mom said we became your real family.
CAROL: Prepare for takeoff,
Lieutenant Trouble.
-I could use a copilot.
-No. I can't leave Monica.
-You have to go!
-Monica!
You have a chance to fly
the coolest mission,
and you're gonna give it up
to watch Fresh Prince with me?
What?
I just think you should consider
what kind of example you're setting
for your daughter.
CAROL: Your mom's lucky.
When they were handing out kids,
they gave her the toughest one.
-Lieutenant Trouble.
-You remembered.
CAROL: I'll be back before you know it.
Maybe I could fly up and meet you halfway?
Only if you learn to glow
like your Auntie Carol.
(CAROL ECHOING)
CAROL: I'll be back before you know it.
(GASPS)
-MONICA: Excuse me.
-They're all coming back.
We don't have the capacity.
-(GASPS)
-(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
-Monica?
-Dr. Highland, thank God!
-I can't believe it.
-Dr. Highland, where's my mom?
Your mom, she died, honey.
Maria died three years ago.
Two years after you disappeared.
Captain Monica Rambeau,
Let's get you back out there.
The FBI is in a tizzy over
a missing persons case up in Jersey.
-"Missing persons"?
-I know. But they have requested use
of one of our imaging drones,
and I need a chaperone.
Tyler, drones usually chaperone me.
This isn't a missing person's case,
Captain Rambeau, it's a missing town.
-Some sort of energy field. (GASPS)
-Careful, Rambeau.
Captain Rambeau! Captain Rambeau!
My equipment registered
a broadcast frequency.
Voilà, sound and picture.
-Is that...
-Yeah, it looks like her.
I actually don't know what I'm doing here.
-I'm Wanda.
-What am I looking at?
DARCY: It's a sitcom.
1950s, 1960s, and now the '70s.
Look at me.
(BREATHING RHYTHMICALLY)
I can't believe
Wanda and Vision are having a baby.
Twins! What a twist.
I'm a twin.
-I had a brother.
-He was killed by Ultron, wasn't he?
What did you say?
Did she just say the name Ultron?
Has that happened?
A reference to our reality.
DARCY: No. Never.
WANDA: How did you know about Ultron?
You are a stranger.
And I want you to leave.
(GRUNTS)
HAYWARD: What's the first thing
you do remember?
MONICA: Pain. And then,
Wanda's voice in my head.
HAYWARD: Did you try to resist?
MONICA: There was this hopeless feeling
keeping me down. Like drowning.
It was grief.
(EERIE WAILING)
It's all Wanda.
DARCY: That would mean
she's wielding an insane amount of power.
WOO: Far exceeding anything
she's displayed in the past.
She could have taken out Thanos
on her own. Nobody else came close.
I'd argue that Captain Marvel came close.
We are not talking about her.
We are talking about Wanda.
-We feel your pain.
-No.
Your grief is poisoning us.
We take her out,
this whole nightmare ends.
MONICA: We don't know that.
If Wanda is the problem,
she has to be our solution.
And I'm gonna go get her out.
DARCY: Whoa.
You can't go back into the Hex.
Worst case scenario,
Wanda removes my free will
and puts me in ultra-low-rise jeans.
DARCY: You've gone through
the boundary twice already.
The energy inside has re-written
your cells. It's changing you.
Seen enough lab results
to last me a lifetime.
Cells metastasizing, cells in remission.
I know what Wanda's feeling
and I won't stop until I help her.
(SCREAMS)
(GROANING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
No, no, no! Stand down!
I'm not afraid of you.
The worst thing I can think of
has already happened to me.
I lost the person closest to me, too.
And I can't change it. I can't undo it.
I can't control this pain anymore.
And I don't think I want to,
because it's my truth.
(SCREAMS)
So long, darling.
I'm sorry. For all the pain I caused.
Given the chance and given your power,
I'd bring my mom back.
-(SIRENS WAILING)
-Goodbye, Monica.
Bye, Wanda.
Captain Rambeau.
They're asking for you in the theater.
I was sent by an old friend
of your mother's.
-He'd like to meet with you.
-Where?
-Monica, you've gotta fly.
-I haven't done that yet.
Hey. Black girl magic.
Whoo!